At the age of 16, I had an exam, an O level exam in the morning, which finished at 11.30.
And I had been offered a job on the mail boats.
And so on that particular morning, as I finished my exam, I rushed out to the exam room and ran down the hill
and signed on with a person of the ship called a Cambria, which is in Holyhead Harbour.
And I was taken on as a mess boy.
And it's always been a dream that I could go to sea, that I would go to sea.
And I did actually go to sea. And I remember the two of us, Richard Jones and myself, we went down there
and we sat on the, the person said, there are two jobs I got.
He said, one is a mess boy and the other is a galley boy.
And Richard, who knew nothing about the sea, said, oh, I'd like to be a galley boy because that sounded better,
because mess sounded untidy and, and, you know, and I was given a job as an officer's mess boy.
I had a white jacket and I served the captain and the chief engineer and he was a wonderful job.
And he spent the whole summer in the galley, which is the kitchen of the ship, peeling potatoes and washing dishes.